DAOS-11615 object: add new OIT APIs (#10305)
daos-stack/daos: src/object/README.md

boundary, to achieve more storage space and better concurrent I/O performance.

Now the dynamically Striped Object is not implemented yet.

## Object Index Table (OIT)

> OIT is a table to store the object ID list for a container. It is only valid
> for a specific container snapshot, can be generated when creating a container
> snaphost with DAOS_SNAP_OPT_OIT flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OIT is a table to store the object ID list for a container. It is only valid
for a specific container snapshot and can be generated when creating a container
snapshot with DAOS_SNAP_OPT_OIT flag.
```

> OIT is implemented as a special object with oid.lo as container snapshot epoch,
> each object ID is stored as an akey as the oid, with a default 8 bytes length
> single value data under that akey. User can mark specific oids with some data
> (marker, max length is DAOS_OIT_MARKER_MAX_LEN), those data is internally
> stored as appending the data to the single value under the akey of the oid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OIT is implemented as a special object with oid.lo as the epoch of the container snapshot.
Each object ID is stored as an akey in this object, with a default 8 bytes length
single value data under that akey. User can mark specific oids in this table with some data
(marker, max length is DAOS_OIT_MARKER_MAX_LEN). This user data is appended to the
8 byte single value under the akey of the oid.
```
